layers: Move all settings to VK_EXT_layer_settings (#8549)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: docs/settings.md

# Settings

There are many settings that can be set for Validation layers. This is a brief overview how to use them.

> There are 4 ways to set settings: `vkconfig`, `application defined`, `vk_layer_settings.txt`, `environment variables`

Reviewer: 4 => four ?

## VkConfig

> We suggest people to use [VkConfig](https://www.lunarg.com/introducing-the-new-vulkan-configurator-vkconfig/).

Reviewer 2: Missing word between `suggest` and `people`? I would just say `We suggest using`

Author: will change to `We suggest that people use`

The GUI comes with the SDK, and takes the `VkLayer_khronos_validation.json` file and does **everything** for you!

## Application Defined

The application can now use the `VK_EXT_layer_settings` extension to do everything at `vkCreateInstance` time. (Don't worry, we implement the extension, so it will be supported 100% of the time!).

```c++
// Example how to turn on verbose mode for DebugPrintf
const VkBool32 verbose_value = true;
const VkLayerSettingEXT layer_setting = {"VK_LAYER_KHRONOS_validation", "printf_verbose", VK_LAYER_SETTING_TYPE_BOOL32_EXT, 1, &verbose_value};
VkLayerSettingsCreateInfoEXT layer_settings_create_info = {VK_STRUCTURE_TYPE_LAYER_SETTINGS_CREATE_INFO_EXT, nullptr, 1, &layer_setting};

VkInstanceCreateInfo instance_ci = GetYourCreateInfo();
instance_ci.pNext = &layer_settings_create_info;
```

## vk_layer_settings.txt

> There is info [elsewhere](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/latest/windows/layer_configuration.html) to describe this file, but the short answer is to go

Reviewer: Looks like this sentence is unfinished.

Author: ```suggestion
There is info [elsewhere](https://vulkan.lunarg.com/doc/view/latest/windows/layer_configuration.html) to describe this file, but the short answer is to set the `VK_LAYER_SETTINGS_PATH` like the following:
```

```
# windows
set VK_LAYER_SETTINGS_PATH=C:\path\to\vk_layer_settings.txt

# linux
export VK_LAYER_SETTINGS_PATH=/path/to/vk_layer_settings.txt
```

> and it will set things for you there. We have a [default example](../layers/vk_layer_settings.txt) file you can start with

Reviewer: missing colon

Author: ```suggestion
and it will set things for you in that file. We have a [default example](../layers/vk_layer_settings.txt) file you can start with.
```

## Environment Variables

This is done for us via the `vkuCreateLayerSettingSet` call in the [Vulkan-Utility-Libraries](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Utility-Libraries/).

As an example, in our `VkLayer_khronos_validation.json` file you will find something like `"key": "message_id_filter",`.

From here you just need to adjust it the naming and prefix depending on your platform:

```
# Windows
set VK_LAYER_MESSAGE_ID_FILTER=VUID-VkInstanceCreateInfo-pNext-pNext

# Linux
export VK_LAYER_MESSAGE_ID_FILTER=VUID-VkInstanceCreateInfo-pNext-pNext

# Android
adb setprop debug.vulkan.khronos_validation.message_id_filter=VUID-VkInstanceCreateInfo-pNext-pNext
```

## Finding available settings

> How I suggest finding them:

Author: ```suggestion
How we suggest finding them:
```
